detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime adventure film called
nerve spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
venus del monaco has been accepted to
the california institute of the arts
as she checks her emails she reads the
letter from the school reminding her to
submit her response regarding her
admission
but instead of accepting the school's
invitation venus types a short reply in
the comment section
stating that she must decline as she
does venus takes a look at her mother's
photo and continues to type that the
reason she's turning down the invitation
is that she's too scared to tell her
mother that she wants to leave staten
island forever
venus receives a facebook notification
saying that jp guerrero tagged her in a
post
she opens it and sees jp's photo with a
caption telling everyone to attend the
pep rally that day and thanking her for
the picture
after clicking the like button her
friend sydney video calls her
sydney asks venus what she's doing aside
from stalking jp's post and she claims
that she's watching the news
knowing her friend sydney calls venus a
liar then asks her if she told her mom
about her admission to calarts yet and
venus says she hasn't
in the middle of their conversation
sydney excitedly announces that nerve is
starting and when venus asks her what
that is
she sends her a link so she can watch
the video
venus learns that nerve is a 24-hour
game similar to truth or dare
except that it's all theirs people can
join nerve and become either a watcher
who pays to watch or a player who plays
to win
sydney wants venus to watch her play so
even though venus finds the game
suspicious
she promises to sign up at breakfast
venus tells her mom that sydney hasn't
gotten to any schools yet and that she
doesn't seem to care
her mother replies that she doesn't need
to care since she has a trust fund
she adds that what venus has is far more
valuable which is a scholarship to a
local college
given their financial situation they
can't afford a dorm but her mother's
optimistic since they'll still have each
other as roommates venus isn't entirely
on board with the idea of living with
her mom while attending college so she
suggests fixing mike's room to list on
airbnb
she continues to tread carefully as she
tells her mother that it may be time to
start going through mike's stuff to
donate them
venus even adds that she can give her
mum some space but she rejects the idea
without a second thought
defeated venus could only say that
she'll be fine with commuting
after talking to her mom venus goes to
her brother mike's room and finds a
picture of him in the mirror
she removes it and takes it along with
her camera before preparing for the pep
rally
venus goes out to the balcony taking a
sad glance at the harbor before finally
leaving on her bicycle
at the pep rally venus takes pictures of
the football team members
including jp there she finds sydney
talking to the watchers of nerve on her
phone
asking them to support her to get to the
final round sydney goes back to her
position with the other cheerleaders and
in the middle of their dance routine
she suddenly turns around and lifts her
skirt showing everyone her rear
one girl uses sydney's phone to record
her and after finishing her little stunt
sydney's phone shows that she has
completed her dare a series of clips are
shown
revealing how players are supposed to
record themselves while doing their
dares and
if they succeed they will earn money
sydney is happy that she's continuously
earning through nerve while having
dozens of watchers
together with her friends they talk
about who's winning the game which is a
guy named ryan
when venus arrives one of sydney's
friends tells her that the watchers are
coming up with her next air
annoyed venus reminds her that she just
got suspended and that she thought
sydney's already done with the game
sydney tells venus that playing nerve is
important to her and that she wouldn't
understand because unlike her
venus likes to stay in her comfort zone
venus disagrees with them
but sydney starts asking her friends to
come up with a hypothetical nerve dare
for venus
at first they dare venus to make out
with jp but they take it back and dare
her to talk to him instead
venus refuses so sydney accepts the dare
in her place instead
sydney walks up to jp saying that a
friend of hers is asking if he has a
girlfriend
when jp asks which friend sydney points
to venus but jp says she's not
his type humiliated venus leaves
and as sydney tries to stop her their
friend tommy tells her to let venus go
because of what happened venus signs up
to be a player for nerf
she learns that the players must film
all their dares on their phones
the rules also state that players get
eliminated by failing or bailing
and that snitches get stitches after she
finishes signing up
venus accepts her first dare and asks
tommy to accompany her to colonnade
diner where her dare will take place
tommy can't believe that she signed up
as a player and tells her that some kids
had supposedly died while playing that
game
venus doesn't buy that in retorts that
if kids are dying then the game would be
shut down
however tommy explains that it can't be
shut down since there isn't a single
server
he adds that every person who logs on to
nerve becomes a new server
making it impossible to turn it off at
the diner
venus finds out that her first dare to
win a hundred dollars is to kiss a
stranger for five seconds
tommy discourages her but she does it
anyway and approaches a guy sitting on
one of the booths
to calm her nerves she tries talking to
him about the book he's reading
to the lighthouse with tommy filming
them venus decides to just go for it and
kiss the guy
surprising him venus immediately gathers
many watchers
and as soon as she completes her dare
she bids the boy goodbye and goes to
where tommy is sitting
when venus receives her money she and
tommy notice that the guy she kissed is
gone from his table
they then see him dancing and singing
around the diner making them realize
that he's also a nerve player
he says that he was instructed to sit on
one of the booths when a kid showed up
to give him the book
venus says that it's her favorite book
and tommy notes that all the watchers
know all that about her because it's on
her facebook page
the guy ian finds out what venus name is
and as he turns to leave they both
receive a dare to go to the city
together
venus says she can't go and that she's
only doing one dare
ian asks her if she's sure she can't go
and tommy repeats that venus can
he then asks if tommy's always telling
her what to do to which venus replies
that he doesn't
despite her initial rejection she
eventually agrees to go to the city with
ian
on the other hand sydney continues doing
more dares and later finds out that
venus has signed up as a player
when venus and ian reach the city they
go their separate ways before venus
accepts her next dare
she goes to the same high-end store
where ian went while back at home
her mom receives notifications in her
phone there her mother finds that
someone has been sending money to venus
the watchers send venus a picture of the
dress they want her to try on
inside the store venus asks one salesman
where she can find it
the salesman sarcastically tells her
that that dress is very expensive
but venus ignores him he eventually
tells her where she can find it
and true enough she spots the dress
which costs a whopping four thousand
dollars
venus is about to remove the dress from
the mannequin but a sales lady stops her
and brings another stock
with her deadline fast approaching venus
quickly undresses and puts the dress on
upon wearing it the timer in her phone
stops working so she isn't sure if she
completed the dare
while waiting for her timer to work a
suited ian suddenly shows up to finish a
similar dare
at colonnade diner tommy searches for
venus in nerve and he finds her while
she's trying on some expensive shoes
what venus and ian don't know is that
another player named ty
is also at the store with them he has
accepted a dare from the watchers to
steal their street clothes and other
belongings
once he's finished ty leaves and venus
looks frantically for her clothes
ian calls her from outside the dressing
room informing her that his stuff is
gone too
the two of them receive their next air
which is to leave the store
venus is adamant about not shoplifting
so the two end up fleeing wearing
nothing but their undergarments
when they return to ian's motorcycle
they find a shopping bag containing
their expensive formal attires
paid for by their watchers meanwhile
sydney calls tommy to ask what venus is
doing and who the guy she's paired with
is
tommy says he doesn't know and that's
when one of sydney's friends tells her
that venus is in the top 10 list of
players
concerned sydney asks tommy to meet her
so they can get venus
and he agrees for their next heir venus
has to get a tattoo of ian's choice
she asks ian what will happen if she
bails and he says she'll lose all her
earnings
trying to be creative ian draws an image
on a piece of paper and asked the artist
to create a better version of it
while getting her tattoo venus opens up
to ian about her brother who died two
years ago
right before starting college she gets
sentimental and mentions that her
brother would laugh so hard if he saw
her getting a tattoo
meanwhile tommy remains worried about
venus so he asks his friend to help him
gather more information about ian
the tattoo artist finishes his work and
when venus sees her new lighthouse
tattoo
she ends up liking it after getting a
pass key from his friend
tommy searches the internet for any
information about ian
from there tommy finds suspicious
comments about him and he learns that
he's already played the game before
tommy tries calling venus to tell her
about this but she isn't answering
for ian and venus next air they're
supposed to ride a motorcycle in the
city at a speed of 60 miles per hour
with ian blindfolded
venus of course refuses to do it but ian
begs her to stay
while they're talking tai shows up in an
suv and makes venus hold a small sticker
before taking a picture
as ty leaves he greets ian and when
venus asks ian who tai
is he says that he must be another
player on the other hand
sydney and her friends watch on
television as venus and ian complete
their dare
using the sticker from ty to cover his
helmet ian starts driving while venus
uses his body to steer
the two finish their dare once more and
then they kiss giving all the watchers
except tommy a shot of euphoria
tommy continues to watch the dares from
his car and as he drives
venus mom calls him she asks tommy if he
knows anything about the money venus is
getting
but tommy lies saying it's probably from
her new job before quickly ends the call
as venus and ian continue their stroll
around the city
venus asks him why he's playing nerve he
says he's doing it for his family
because some things happened and he
wishes that they turned out differently
when venus asks what it is ian dodges
the question
sydney tries calling venus but she
declines humiliating sydney in front of
the watchers
when he urges venus to talk about sydney
she says that she's tired of being her
sidekick all the time
ian takes a look at sydney's photo on
her phone and instead of praising sydney
for her beauty
he complements the image for its quality
ian then finds out that venus was the
one who took it and says that sydney
looks insecure
which venus agrees with the watchers
from around the city are recording them
the whole time
so sydney and her friends got to watch
the entire thing live
venus popularity makes sydney jealous so
she accepts a dare where she has to
cross between two buildings using only a
ladder
sydney ends backing out while other
players continue to play
but all of them ends up bailing or
failing ty
on the other hand completes a dangerous
dare and gets first place
venus and ian show up to the party for
nerve players and watchers with loud
cheers greeting them
when venus looks for sydney she finds
out that she's been eliminated from the
game
she eventually finds sydney in a room
making out with jp
and the two start fighting sydney is mad
about venus calling her insecure with
everyone watching
while sydney is letting off some steam
venus receives a dare to finish sydney's
challenge herself
venus calls in to leave but sydney stops
them and the two girls continue arguing
fed up with sydney's attitude venus
accepts the latter dare
she ends up succeeding which bumps her
up to the first place
when tommy finally gets to talk to venus
he tells her that ian has played nerve
before and that it was his dare to take
venus to the party and fight with sydney
venus can't believe what she just heard
so she storms off
but ian catches up with her venus asks
ian if it's true that he only took her
to the party as a part of the game but
before he can answer
ty shows up wearing a mask and takes a
video of them
ian grabs venus hand to run and they
hide in an elevator
there venus starts screaming about how
she almost died playing the game
ian says that it's complicated to
explain and this only makes her angrier
to the point where she's threatening to
report the game to the police she storms
off and finds a police officer outside
venus immediately informs him about
nerve and what it entails
the uncaring officer simply asks if a
crime is being committed and venus could
only say no
as venus tries handing her phone to the
officer to show him all the videos
her mom receives another notification on
her phone all the money from their bank
account is starting to go missing
this makes her call venus as she's
getting worried about what's happening
meanwhile the watchers at the party
start yelling at venus for violating one
of the game's rules
not knowing that ian has already left
venus starts leaving while telling her
mom that she will fix the problem
as she walks away kai knocks her
unconscious and she wakes up in a
container with walls painted with the
word snitches get stitches
there's a television with someone
speaking calling venus their prisoner
according to the speaker they now
control her entire life
and the only way out is to win the final
round venus is then instructed to go to
the staten island ferry
where the watchers will find her for the
final dare
ian and venus have each been given a
handgun and whoever shoots the other
wins the game
meanwhile tommy and his hacker friends
race against time to alter nerves code
the final dare begins but venus refuses
to shoot
the watchers are cheering tommy is
growing more anxious
and ian begs venus to shoot him but she
still refuses
the countdown begins but it isn't until
the last second that venus fires at the
ground instead of shooting in
a masked man from the crowd starts
firing morning shots
after getting everyone's attention he
announces that he'll complete the dare
himself
the man removes his mask revealing
himself to be thai
and the watchers go crazy as soon as
they recognize him
venus tries pleading with the watchers
asking them if they really want the
players to kill each other
she even starts calling them out and say
that they should remove their masks and
take responsibility for their actions
the watchers ignore her and continue to
cheer so venus dares ty to shoot her
ty asked the watchers if they want him
to shoot venus and while some voted no
some still voted yes venus mom arrives
at where tommy
sydney and the hackers are and she
threatens them once more that she'll
call the cops if they don't tell her
what's happening
the majority of the watchers vote yes so
without warning
ty shoots venus venus mother could only
watch in horror as venus falls to her
feet
ian panics as he shakes venus
desperately trying to wake her up
the watcher stopped cheering and at that
time tommy's hacker friends finally
managed to alter nerf's code
he sends everyone a message saying
they're now an accessory to murder
terrified everyone signs out shutting
down nerve server once and for all
tai walks up to ian and venus and as he
closes the distance between them
ian takes his gun with every intention
to shoot tai to his surprise
venus suddenly gets up and ian learns
that it's just an act
once the last player logs out nerve
officially goes offline
after that tommy's hacker friend assures
venus mom that she'll get her all her
money back
ian and venus leave the location of the
final dare and that's when ian confesses
to venus that his real name is sam
unbeknown to them a watcher is recording
them from afar
finally venus and sydney work things out
between them and venus accepts the
invitation from calarts
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching